I'm not talking about my girlfriend. He's also dangerous.
I'm at risk of being bossed around. I'd like to ask you to help me.
How many people are there in the house? What happened?
I've long thought you were quite weird.
As expected, I don’t like being close. Do you really think I’m so easy to tease?
But I am holding you back. He is the only one who has passed through the entire Jiangzhou.
I told you that something happened to you too. Something happened to him.
Neither can I
I've already let go
I have withdrawn from Yixuejian
I won't help him with this.
Don't come begging me
The great old man Wansheng comes to see
But you brought this gift
You have to order too much. Not many people are here.
Then Huan Wan Sheng is not bad, is he?
He sealed off the entire Jiangzhou
Wansheng of Huaxing Chamber of Commerce
you don't blame me
I leave you good things again
Such a thing that I always carry on my back
You have it delivered to you
So why don't you clean it up?
You take a handful of red things
Just like saying white tile
Who do I carry with me in a bottle?
What are you taking with you?
Hurry and lead the way